README.md, before:

# Seasonal post action

A GitHub action that creates a seasonal Jekyll post from data files.

<!-- START GENERATED DOCUMENTATION -->

## Set up the workflow

To use this action, create a new workflow in `.github/workflows` and modify it as needed:

```yml
name: Seasonal post

# Grant the action permission to write to the repository
permissions:
  contents: write
  pull-requests: write

on:
  schedule:
    - cron: "00 02 20 Mar,Jun,Sep,Dec *"

jobs:
  seasonal_post:
    runs-on: macOS-latest
    name: Write seasonal post
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Write seasonal post
        uses: katydecorah/seasonal-post-action@v5.4.0
        with:
          GitHubUsername: katydecorah
          GitHubRepository: archive
        env:
          TOKEN: ${{ secrets.TOKEN }}
      - name: Commit files
        run: |
          git pull
          git config --local user.email "action@github.com"
          git config --local user.name "GitHub Action"
          git add -A && git commit -m "${{ env.seasonEmoji }} ${{ env.season }}"
          git push
```

 ### Additional example workflows

<details>
<summary>Manually trigger the action</summary>

```yml
name: Manually trigger the action

on:
  workflow_dispatch:
    inputs:
      date:
        description: Set a specific date to run the action (YYYY-MM-DD), leave blank for today.
        type: string

jobs:
  seasonal_post:
    runs-on: macOS-latest
    name: Write seasonal post
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Write seasonal post
        uses: katydecorah/seasonal-post-action@v5.4.0
        with:
          GitHubUsername: katydecorah
          GitHubRepository: archive
        env:
          TOKEN: ${{ secrets.TOKEN }}
      - name: Commit files
        run: |
          git pull
          git config --local user.email "action@github.com"
          git config --local user.name "GitHub Action"
          git add -A && git commit -m "${{ env.seasonEmoji }} ${{ env.season }}"
          git push
```

</details>


## Action options

- `GitHubUsername`: Required. The GitHub username that owns the repository with the data files.

- `GitHubRepository`: Required. The Github repository that has the data files.

- `SeasonNames`: The season names in order by the season that ends in March, June, September, and then December. Default: `Winter,Spring,Summer,Fall`.

- `SeasonEmoji`: Emoji to assign each season in the same order as described by `SeasonNames`. Default: `❄️,🌷,☀️,🍂`.
<!-- END GENERATED DOCUMENTATION -->

Commit message:

Add `PostsDir` action input (#97)
* Add `PostsDir` action input

* Update documentation

* Fix var

* 🍂 2022 Fall

* Revert "🍂 2022 Fall"

This reverts commit 1a382decc8fab369983419eebd3ac96c7dd4a5a1.

---------

Co-authored-by: GitHub Action <action@github.com>

README.md, after:

# Seasonal post action

A GitHub action that creates a seasonal Jekyll post from data files.

<!-- START GENERATED DOCUMENTATION -->

## Set up the workflow

To use this action, create a new workflow in `.github/workflows` and modify it as needed:

```yml
name: Seasonal post

# Grant the action permission to write to the repository
permissions:
  contents: write
  pull-requests: write

on:
  schedule:
    - cron: "00 02 20 Mar,Jun,Sep,Dec *"

jobs:
  seasonal_post:
    runs-on: macOS-latest
    name: Write seasonal post
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Write seasonal post
        uses: katydecorah/seasonal-post-action@v5.4.0
        with:
          GitHubUsername: katydecorah
          GitHubRepository: archive
        env:
          TOKEN: ${{ secrets.TOKEN }}
      - name: Commit files
        run: |
          git pull
          git config --local user.email "action@github.com"
          git config --local user.name "GitHub Action"
          git add -A && git commit -m "${{ env.seasonEmoji }} ${{ env.season }}"
          git push
```

 ### Additional example workflows

<details>
<summary>Manually trigger the action</summary>

```yml
name: Manually trigger the action

on:
  workflow_dispatch:
    inputs:
      date:
        description: Set a specific date to run the action (YYYY-MM-DD), leave blank for today.
        type: string

jobs:
  seasonal_post:
    runs-on: macOS-latest
    name: Write seasonal post
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Write seasonal post
        uses: katydecorah/seasonal-post-action@v5.4.0
        with:
          GitHubUsername: katydecorah
          GitHubRepository: archive
        env:
          TOKEN: ${{ secrets.TOKEN }}
      - name: Commit files
        run: |
          git pull
          git config --local user.email "action@github.com"
          git config --local user.name "GitHub Action"
          git add -A && git commit -m "${{ env.seasonEmoji }} ${{ env.season }}"
          git push
```

</details>


## Action options

- `GitHubUsername`: Required. The GitHub username that owns the repository with the data files.

- `GitHubRepository`: Required. The Github repository that has the data files.

- `SeasonNames`: The season names in order by the season that ends in March, June, September, and then December. Default: `Winter,Spring,Summer,Fall`.

- `SeasonEmoji`: Emoji to assign each season in the same order as described by `SeasonNames`. Default: `❄️,🌷,☀️,🍂`.

- `PostsDir`: The path to where you want to save your seasonal post files to in this repository. Default: `notes/_posts/`.
<!-- END GENERATED DOCUMENTATION -->
